com.andrew.apollo Music Player
com.android.apps.tag
com.android.backupconfirm Restores Google settings
com.android.browser Stock Browser
com.android.calendar Stock Calendar
com.android.camera2 Stock Camera
com.android.captiveportallogin
com.android.cellbroadcastreceiver Alert Broadcasts
com.android.development Development App
com.android.dreams.basic Screensaver
com.android.dreams.phototable
com.android.email Stock Email
com.android.exchange
com.android.facelock
com.android.galaxy4
com.android.gallery3d
com.android.htmlviewer
com.android.inputdevices
com.android.inputmethod.latin
com.android.magicsmoke Live Wallpaper
com.android.managedprovisioning Google Workplace
com.android.mms Stock Messaging
com.android.moto.appdirectedsms
com.android.musicfx Audio Equalizer
com.android.musicvis Live Wallpapers
com.android.noisefield Live Wallpaper
com.android.pacprocessor
com.android.phasebeam Wallpaper
com.android.printspooler
com.android.providers.downloads.ui Downloads
com.android.providers.partnerbookmarks
com.android.providers.userdictionary Dictionary for Keyboard
com.android.proxyhandler
com.android.sdm.plugins.connmo
com.android.sdm.plugins.dcmo
com.android.sdm.plugins.diagmon
com.android.sdm.plugins.sprintdm
com.android.smspush Tethering connectivity
com.android.soundrecorder Sound Recroder
com.android.sprint.hiddenmenuapp
com.android.sprint.lifetimedata
com.android.videoeditor Movie Studio
com.android.voicedialer Voice Search
com.android.vpndialogs VPN System
com.android.wallpaper.holospiral Live Wallpaper
com.android.wallpaper.livepicker Wallpaper Picker
com.android.wallpapercropper Wallpaper Cropper
com.bel.android.dspmanager Audio Equalizer
com.cyanogenmod.account Account Manager
com.cyanogenmod.CMWallpapers Cyanogen Wallpapers
com.cyanogenmod.eleven
com.cyanogenmod.filemanager File Manager
com.cyanogenmod.lockclock Lock Screen Widget
com.cyanogenmod.trebuchet Launcher
com.cyanogenmod.wallpapers Wallpapers
com.facebook.katana Facebook
com.google.android.androidforwork
com.google.android.apps.books Books
com.google.android.apps.cloudprint Cloud Print
com.google.android.apps.currents Currents
com.google.android.apps.docs Drive
com.google.android.apps.docs.editors.docs Docs
com.google.android.apps.docs.editors.sheets Sheets
com.google.android.apps.docs.editors.slides Slides
com.google.android.apps.enterprise.dmagent
com.google.android.apps.fitness Fit
com.google.android.apps.gcs
com.google.android.apps.inputmethod.hindi Hindi Keyboard
com.google.android.apps.photos
com.google.android.apps.plus Google+
com.google.android.apps.walletnfcrel Google Wallet
com.google.android.email Stock Email
com.google.android.gm.exchange
com.google.android.googlequicksearchbox Search Box
com.google.android.inputmethod.japanese Japanese Keyboard
com.google.android.inputmethod.korean Korean Keyboard
com.google.android.inputmethod.pinyin
com.google.android.inputmethod.piyin
com.google.android.marvin.talkback Accessibility
com.google.android.play.games Play Games
com.google.android.street Street View
com.google.android.tag
com.google.android.talk Hangouts
com.google.android.videos Play Movies & TV
com.google.android.webview Webview
com.google.android.youtube Youtube
com.google.earth Earth
com.motorola.android.buacontactadapter
com.motorola.entitlement
com.motorola.motocit
com.motorola.motosignature.app
com.motorola.service.ims
com.motorola.triggerenroll
com.motorola.triggertrainingservice
com.qualcomm.atfwd
com.qualcomm.qti.rcsbootstraputil
com.qualcomm.qti.rcsimsbootstraputil
com.qualcomm.timeservice
com.svox.pico Text to Speech
com.tmobile.themechooser Theme Chooser
com.tmobile.thememanager Theme Manager
com.verizo.permissions.appdirectedsms
com.verizon.omadm
com.verizon.permissions.appdirectedsms
com.vzw.apnservice
jackpal.androidterm Terminal Emulator
net.cactii.flash2 Flash Light
org.codeaurora.ims
org.cyanogenmod.audiofx Audio Equalizer
org.cyanogenmod.launcher.home Launcher
org.cyanogenmod.theme.chooser Theme Chooser
org.cyanogenmod.themes.provider Themes Provider
org.cyanogenmod.voiceplus SMS through Google Voice
org.cyanogenmod.wallpapers.photophase Live Wallpaper
org.whispersystems.whisperpush Secure SMS integration
